One dark and stormy night, the rumbling sound of thunder wakes you from
your sleep.You leave your room to find that beyond your door is a dark
stairwell that doesn't belong. 

Feeling the rush of adventure, you slowly climb the stairs...

At the top, you find yourself in a small room, the floor and walls made of
ancient stone bricks. To your left is an arched doorway leading to a 
corridor and in the far corner, you make out a shadowy lump.

CORRIDOR 
You slide your feet across the ancient stone floor, careful not to trip
as you walk down the increasingly darkening hallway. Without warning, 
your foot slips and you find yourself falling endlessly into a dark pit... 

CORNER 
You crouch down in front of the shadowy lump, your senses on high alert.
Slowly, you pull back what feels like tattered clothing to find a 
stick and a dusty box of matches. You wrap the cloth around the end 
of the stick and light your torch before taking to the hallway. 

As you walk the corridor, you carefully skirt the edge of a drafty hole 
in the stone floor. Suddenly the hallway opens up into a grand 
room. The light of your torch can't reach the other side where the 
outline of something immense is just beyond your vision.

WALLS 
Hugging the walls, you keep an eye on the large object just out of 
sight. Your free hand slides across the damp, moss covered stones. 
Your attention diverted as the shadowy object begins to come into view, 
you almost miss the sudden warmth below your fingertips. Just ahead 
of you are the crumbled remains of a large column that had once fallen
from its pedestal and crashed through the stone wall. The light from 
your torch reflects on something beyond. 

INVESTIGATE 
You crouch down low and crawl through the thick stone. On the other side
is another small room. You gasp as your eyes adjust to the bright light 
inside – a fire is lit in the hearth at the center of the room and a 
cloaked figure stands before it. 

APPROACH 
Before you take more than a few steps, the figure holds out an object in 
their skeletal hand. You slowly reach out and take what turns out to be 
a compass – the needle spinning wildly inside the dirty glass. When you 
look up to thank the figure, you see only a wisp of smoke in the air. You 
are overwhelmed by the need to leave the room so you crawl through 
the opening. When you look back, the fire has gone out and the room 
is cloaked in darkness. 

There is a scratching sound all around and you hope there are rats in 
the walls as you carefully step over the fallen column. You find yourself 
standing before the suddenly illuminated object you first saw upon 
entering the room – a large sarcophagus.  

LEAVE  
You crawl through the opening and when you look back, the fire has gone 
out and the room is cloaked in darkness. There is a scratching sound all 
around and you hope there are rats in the walls as you carefully step over 
the fallen column. You find yourself standing before the suddenly 
illuminated object you first saw upon entering the room – a large 
sarcophagus.  

OTHER SIDE 
The room echoes with your shuffling feet as you cautiously step across 
the worn stones. There is a scratching sound all around and you hope there
are rats in the walls when you find yourself standing before the suddenly 
illuminated object at the other side of the room – a large sarcophagus.

SARCOPHAGUS 
A cold wind blows passed you and a chill climbs up your spine – you're 
certain there are no windows up here. Suddenly, the thick lid of the tomb 
seems to move. 

SARCOPHAGUS – no compass 
You scramble towards the way you came and trip over pieces of the fallen 
column. Pain shoots up from your ankle and you struggle to stand just as 
the loud thud of the sarcophagus' top shakes the ground. You look over 
your shoulder and see movement. The light of your torch is too dim. You 
somehow find your footing but you've hurt your ankle and can only limp. 
Just as you reach the dark corridor, something grips your arm... 

COMPASS 
The compass grows warm in your hand and you look down to see that the
needle has stopped spinning. Your eyes follow the point of the arrow to 
a wooden door. The lid to the sarcophagus continues to move as you follow 
the compass. The door is heavy but you are able to pull it open just 
as the loud thud of the lid shakes the ground.  

LOOK 
You look over your shoulder just as a thin arm is thrown over the edge of 
the tomb. The flesh is mottled and greyish and something drips down towards
the long fingers that grip at something shiny – a dagger. The light of 
your torch goes out in a sudden draft and you're draped in darkness. 
You make a run for it, hoping you're heading in the right direction. 
The door is heavy, but you sigh with relief when it opens. 

You swear you feel the grip of whatever had emerged from its tomb on your 
arm as you pull the door shut, scrambling to turn the ancient lock. 

With shaky hands, you light your torch with another match only to find 
bloody gashes across your forearm and the compass gone. You turn around 
and see a foreboding staircase which leads to another shut door. You 
begin to tremble as you consider what lays beyond as you take the first 
step... then the next.  

At the top of the stairs, adrenaline pulsing through your limbs, you open 
the heavy door. The room is empty and there are no other doors. You step
inside, shining your torchlight into every corner and crevasse. Something 
glitters at the far end of the room.  

Just as you reach for it, you wake up in your bedroom, the sunlight
filtering in through the curtains. You sit up with a gasp as blood drips 
from jagged scratches down your arm.

It couldn't have been a dream... could it? 

ESCAPE 
You pull the door shut, locking it before looking back at your compass.
The arrow points directly behind you and when you turn around a brightly
lit staircase leads to another shut door. Steeling yourself for whatever 
lays beyond, you take the first step... then the next.  

At the top of the stairs, adrenaline pulsing through your limbs, you open
the heavy door.

The room is filled with treasure. Gems of every color, glittering precious 
jewels, coins of countless denominations in countless currencies... 
You wake up in your bedroom, the sunlight filtering in through the 
curtains. Was it just a dream? You sit up with a gasp. Clutched in your
hand is the dirty compass, the glass smudge with years of grime. 

The treasure... 

You run to your bedroom door and throw it open. The stairwell is gone. 
Closing the door with a huff of disappointment, you turn back towards your bed.
A lump under the bed covers draws your attention and when you lift the 
cover you find a small pile of treasure, glittering with possibilities.